README.md, before:

Multiple thumbnails
===================

Allows multiple featured images, specified per post type.

## Usage

### Step 1
Add the post type support 'thumbnails' to any post type

	'supports' => array( 'title', 'editor', 'thumbnails', 'revisions' )

### Step 2
Specify the thumbnails you want to use
	
	'supports'             => array( 'title', 'editor', 'thumbnails', 'revisions' ),
	'thumbnails'           => array(
		'main-image'       => array(
			'label'        => __( 'Main image', 'tp' ),
		),
		'additional-image' => array(
			'label'        => __( 'Additional image', 'tp' ),
		),
	),

### Step 3
Display the thumbnails with one of the following functions. These are near equivalents of the WordPress functions, only with the thumbnail name added to it. For example:
	
	if( tp_has_post_thumbnail( get_the_ID(), 'main-image' ) ) {
		tp_the_post_thumbnail( 'main-image', 'large' );
	}

**Display thumbnail**
	
	tp_the_post_thumbnail( $thumbnail, $size = 'thumbnail', $attr = '' )

**Check if there is a thumbnail set**
	
	tp_has_post_thumbnail( $post_id, $thumbnail )

**Retrieve thumbnail**
	
	tp_get_the_post_thumbnail( $post_id, $thumbnail, $size = 'thumbnail', $attr = '' )

**Get the attachment ID of a thumbnail**

	tp_get_post_thumbnail_id( $post_id, $thumbnail )

Commit message:

Updated README and Plugin data

README.md, after:

Multiple thumbnails
===================

Allows multiple featured images, specified per post type.

## Installation
If you're using Composer to manage WordPress, add this plugin to your project's dependencies. Run:
```sh
composer require trendwerk/multiple-thumbnails 1.0.0
```

Or manually add it to your `composer.json`:
```json
"require": {
	"trendwerk/multiple-thumbnails": "1.0.0"
},
```

## Usage

### Step 1
Add the post type support 'thumbnails' to any post type

	'supports' => array( 'title', 'editor', 'thumbnails', 'revisions' )

### Step 2
Specify the thumbnails you want to use
	
	'supports'             => array( 'title', 'editor', 'thumbnails', 'revisions' ),
	'thumbnails'           => array(
		'main-image'       => array(
			'label'        => __( 'Main image', 'tp' ),
		),
		'additional-image' => array(
			'label'        => __( 'Additional image', 'tp' ),
		),
	),

### Step 3
Display the thumbnails with one of the following functions. These are near equivalents of the WordPress functions, only with the thumbnail name added to it. For example:
	
	if( tp_has_post_thumbnail( get_the_ID(), 'main-image' ) ) {
		tp_the_post_thumbnail( 'main-image', 'large' );
	}

**Display thumbnail**
	
	tp_the_post_thumbnail( $thumbnail, $size = 'thumbnail', $attr = '' )

**Check if there is a thumbnail set**
	
	tp_has_post_thumbnail( $post_id, $thumbnail )

**Retrieve thumbnail**
	
	tp_get_the_post_thumbnail( $post_id, $thumbnail, $size = 'thumbnail', $attr = '' )

**Get the attachment ID of a thumbnail**

	tp_get_post_thumbnail_id( $post_id, $thumbnail )
